So probably the most important part in the scores is to have an AWOS account where you can play around
with AWOS resources that we're going to do in this lecture and all the following lectures.
So to do that we first have to go to AWOS console but to get there of course we have to create an account.
We have to sign up to AWOS so to do that.
Our starting point is YES A W-S that Amazon Dot com.
So after we launched this Web site we can see that we have a real nice presentation of AWOS services
and what's going on around A W-S in general.
So we have all the flashy new services from Amazon and they're just advertising them.
And after that we have the Amazon subheads events and other things about A W-S and if we go down below
we have descriptions of AWOS services products and everything about AWOS.
And after we go down below a little further we have some customers that are running on AWOS and you
can see that there are just simply big guys running on A W-S.
All right.
So to create an AWOS account to sign up to A W-S I'll go click on the yellow button right on the top
corner.
So in your case this might be signed into a WS console but in my case since I previously went there
it is saying that I have to complete this process so all had complete Sign-Up
and I have the usual log in page for AWOS.
So in our case we're going to be creating in a W-S account.
So let's go down below and hit create a new AWOS account.
All right.
We here are creating a WS account presented to us.
And one thing to note in this page is that AWOS has 12 months of free tier access for most of the AWOS
services simply the most popular services are AWOS.
So we can say that easy to Esrey dynamo D.B and a couple of other services are available for free tier
access in AWOS.
So to check them out let's just go to this web page AWOS Amazon Dot com slash free to see what services
are available to us in our free tier access.
So if we go down below we have 12 months of free and always free products and we have simply sold 50
hours of easy to use.
We have a 1 gigabyte of kook site five gigabytes of Esrey 750 hours of our D.S. 1 million free requests
with a W-S Lamda and much more.
So using a free tier is always beneficial for you because simply your learning to do things with AWOS
and you're not being charged of anything until you reach your point in your account and it is just not
so simple to reach out.
All right.
After we check out this page let's go back to our sign up process and I'm going to start by typing in
my e-mail address.
I have to type a password adhering to the credentials that they showed me here.
So I'll just type something
and the AWOS account name is going to be the display name of your account.
So if your name is like John Doe and then you can simply say John Doe.
All right.
And let's hit continue
and Amazon is asking for the contact information for like billing and other processes.
So you have to specify that if you're going to use his account as a professional account like for a
business are you can specify that you're using this account for personal use.
So in our case I'll be using it for personal purposes.
So I'll just select personal and I have to specify things like country address city state and postal
code simply because they might have to send me bills about my AWOS usage.
So let's just start in and filling in the.
And I will type my address
and city and state
and finally I have to click to accept the terms and conditions from a WS.
And if you want to write that out you can simply click on this link and check it out.
But I'll just click on the checkbox right now and create account and continue.
All right.
This time a W-S is asking for my credit card information simply because again if I reached the limits
of my free tier account usage AWOS might have to charge me for some usages of AWOS services.
So in that case they are just simply needing my credit card so that they can charge me.
So you have to type in your credit card information your name your expiration date and so on.
And after you finish them you'll simply have to use the secure submit.
After that when you submit your credit card and every other information finally AWOS is going to ask
for your telephone number you simply have to specify or phone number in a format that you have to use
the country code as the prefix so in my case for Turkey I have to specify plys 90.
Then my phone number and after I hit next in the section Amazon is going to place me a call actual call
to my phone.
So in that call they're going to ask for a code that they showed me in the sign up process so the code
that they're going to show is on the next page actually wants I provide my telephone number.
They're going to do me a code four digit code for a WSI sign up process.
So once I get that code they're going to ask me that card when they place me a call.
So within the call I'm going to be typing the four digit code with the keypad of my phone and once I've
finished that they're going to say that your verification is complete and the web page is going to be
refreshed.
So it is going to say the sign up is complete and successful.
So that is basically all about signing up to A W-S is not a real hard process but it's just simply too
elaborate and sometimes maybe tiring.
So of course you have to specify your credit card and telephone numbers so that they can verify that
you are a real person and a bot or something.
So this is just the usual process on signing up to AWOS.
I highly encourage you to do it as soon as possible and maybe while watching this video because otherwise
you can follow up the lectures with me along the Python and Bothell 3.
While we're managing A W-S resources within our code.